[Music]
here we are - you guess
since South Park season 1 so much time
wasted smoking on this ball so many
drugs after high so much pain inside but
baby you
it's over till you sober so many is rich
at heart
well the trains have done
maybe you ain't so until you sober how
many times
did we give up but we've always smoked
more crack and all my doubts and fears
of kept me wondering yeah if I'd always
always be on drugs so many drugs I trust
have so much pain inside but baby you
ain't so
[Music]
so many years we've tried while the
trains have died but baby you ain't so
[Music]
[Applause]
virus yen here we are on the couch
together since South Park season 1 so
much time wasted smoking on this bunk so
many drugs I had so much pain inside but
baby you ain't so brittle you sober so
many years we've tried well it dreams
have died but baby you ain't so virtus
over how many times did we give up but
we've always smoked more crack
and all my doubts and fears it kept me
wondering yeah if I'd always always be
on drugs so many drugs I've had so much
pain inside but baby you ain't over till
you're sober so many years we've tried
well it dreams have died but baby you
ain't over till you saw